#Project Windshield **Plot**
Clark Kent *(name TBC)* is working as a professional art thief, and gets a lot of money from it. He is planning to retire, but on one of his missions, where he is stealing a small statue made from gold, he accidentally bumps into the FBI. They are conducting an investigation of Martin Hughes *(name TBC)*, the art thief who originally stole the statue from a temple in Asia. Martin has attracted a lot of attention from the law with this theft, and was keeping the stolen statue in his storage facility. Clark and the FBI both found out where it was, and the FBI has been waiting for weeks, keeping the place under watch, for the other criminal to come back and take something from his storage. Instead, they catch Clark, and have a recording of him stealing the statue, so they have everything to send him to jail. They however offer him a deal. He is one of the few people able to trace Martin, and if he can, and brings him back, they will drop all charges and let him go. They warn him that he is regarded as one of the hardest people to find.
Clark first has to visit one of his friends to find out what they know about Martin's location. To get this information, he has to steal an important document from an office, and thus help the friend in an art theft. *In the office we only use anesthetic bullets and don't actually kill anyone.* He then finds out that Martin was also involved in some sort of drug cartel, he helped smuggle drugs into the USA from Mexico.
Clark then goes to the american representatives of this cartel, and asks where Martin is, but they instead attack him. He has to escape from the building, fortunately he has brought guns. He finds out where they are keeping other people that have helped smuggle drugs and are not needed anymore, and goes to rescue them.
He goes to Mexico, where he infiltrates one of the cartel's buildings, and finds the people he was looking for tied up. He learns from them that Martin was also in this situation, but quickly escaped and flew to Europe for one of his biggest thefts.
Clark then has to travel to Europe, and learns from one of his friends there that he can find Martin in a database, but it's encrypted, so he first has to break into a laboratory where he has to steal a USB stick with the software that can hack the system. After he does that, he breaks into the database and finds where Martin is. He however quickly finds out and assembles a team to protect him, and Clark has to fight them, and the boss fight is a fight with Martin.
*That's about it, maybe we find out that Martin is his father or something (tho that would be a huge cliché), or something else interesting.*